# Balck Jack Game by Arafat Rahaman & Aiah Aly

# Hey guys, my partner and I decided for our final project for our CIS 1051, Introductory to Python class, we would attempt to create Black Jack, and this how it went...

# Original Goal:
Our original goal was to go all out. We were hungry, young, and ambitious CS students that wanted most to blow the roof of our wonderful professor and TA's. We decided what  better game then the infamous Black Jack to do that. We wanted to create a full out GUI that allowed for the game to be fully played just on the GUI. In essense, you could play the game by simply entering the bet amount in an input box, and the game would be simulated, and the cards would fly out of the deck one-by-one. We envisioned buttons that you could press to "hit", "stand", or "play again!". In the best cases of senarios we even wanted music and cool animations. Alas, as ambitious as we were, we may have been just a little too ambitous.

# Challenges:
We thought that because it was just a game, like any game we built in our introductory class, we could quickly code it, and move on to working on the GUI. Boy were we wrong! There is a lot of logic behind Blakc Jack that made the overall programing diffucult for us. For example, the logic behind the Ace being equal to 11 or 1. The logic system of busting, winning, or tying as the the player or dealer. We had to find ways to organize our code better so that it would become easier to call certain variables, functions, and classes a lot easier. Not to mention we actually had to learn about what classes were. We decided to use resources online such as video explanations on how to implement the logic in a coding enviorment, and how to simply run the game in a terminal. Eventaully, we figured out how to create the game just in the terminal, next we were tasked with the moneumental task of creating a GUI. We thought creating a GUI would be super intuitive... We were met with suprise again. We head to learn about a pythin module called TKinter, which was expected since we knew we needed some toolkit to actually build the GUI.
